chore(docs): better document self-managed user menu (#7885)
swisspost/design-system: apps/documentation/src/stories/components/header/header.docs.mdx

## User menu

The `post-login` slot in `<post-header>` holds either a login link when no user is authenticated, or the user menu when a user is authenticated.

The authentication mechanism and conditional display are handled by each project individually.
The Design System provides the UI components, while the application manages the authentication logic and decides which content to render in the `post-login` slot.

### Fetching user data

Projects can retrieve the current Post user session data via the following endpoint:

<Source code={SampleSessionSubscription} language="typescript" />

> If the request fails or returns no `data`, the user is not authenticated and the login link can be displayed instead.

Reviewer: The required base URL varies by runtime environment (INT, TEST, PROD, etc.). Displaying only the PROD base URL can mislead developers, while exposing all environment-specific base URLs can introduce security risks.

Projects can also validate user authentication through other, more robust approaches (for example, server-to-server authentication flows).

@philipp suggested removing this information entirely, or at minimum exposing only the URL slug.

```suggestion
One method for the authentication mechanism is, to use the following KLP endpoint:

<Source code="{EnvSpecificBaseURL}/v1/session/subscribe" language="bash" />

The user is logged in, if the request returns with a server status code of `200` and the response body contains a valid `userdata` object (e.g. containing `name`, `surname`, `userType`, etc. properties).

In all other cases, the login link must be displayed!
```

## User menu

The `post-login` slot in `<post-header>` holds either a login link when no user is authenticated, or the user menu when a user is authenticated.

The authentication mechanism and conditional display are handled by each project individually.
The Design System provides the UI components, while the application manages the authentication logic and decides which content to render in the `post-login` slot.

### Fetching user data

One method to retrieve the current Post user session data is via the session subscription endpoint.
The URL shown below is for the **production** environment, adapt it to match your target environment (e.g. int, test).

<Source code={SampleSessionSubscription} language="typescript" />

> If the request fails or returns no `data`, the user is not authenticated and the login link can be displayed instead.

Reviewer: Looking at the endpoint docs, I still don't fully agree about this sentence.
Because in the following cases, the endpoint responds with status code `200` and a response body of `{ "type": "ukn" }`:

- No Cookie
- Empty Session ID
- Cookie Present But Session Expired
- Not found

```suggestion
If the request fails or returns no valid `userdata`, the user is not authenticated and the login link can be displayed instead.
```
